docs: improve NuGet documentation (#7826)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/nuget.md

}
```

In this example we defined 3 NuGet feeds.
Package resolving processes feeds in the listed order, from top to bottom.

> This means that if a package is resolved in the second feed, Renovate won't check the third and final feed.

Reviewer: Nuget datasource will use `merge` registry strategy, so will search all registries and merge the results

> In this example we defined 3 NuGet feeds.
> Package resolving processes feeds in the listed order, from top to bottom.
> This means that if a package is resolved in the second feed, Renovate won't check the third and final feed.

Author: ```suggestion
In this example we defined 3 NuGet feeds.
The package resolving process searches these 3 feeds for package updates and merge the results.
```

How about something like this?
I don't know what happens after the `merge` strategy is done, does the bot open a PR then?
Maybe we should cover that???

Reviewer: `merge` means join all resolved versions to a single dependency (removing duplicate versions)

Author: ```suggestion
In this example we defined 3 NuGet feeds.
The package resolving process uses the `merge` strategy to handle the 3 feeds.
All feeds are checked for dependency updates, and duplicate updates are merged/joined together into a single dependency update.
```

Reviewer: Sounds good

Author: Opened PR #7841 to get this into the docs.
